Alex from mr.
and I just got here today my Cosette
dominator GT ram now people are freaking
out like oh my God why is you get 32 gig
of ram because I want to that's why you
have a problem without a kick right I
was 32 gig of ram I'm gonna happen today
to give a grant like it's my Terminator
computer so I'm gonna do what I want
maybe I feel like we're not so tricky so
I'll do that but I'm gonna show you like
what's inside of it open it up
Paul says well the 32gb rim doesn't come
with the air flow or the air flow bro
which I'll be explaining in a minute but
to others like the 16 gig and the 8 gate
they do come with the air flow which is
in this box but I've actually pulled
that and already assembled it it's this
kind of board here and what it is it's
just like thing which sits over your rim
and it's like a fan like if you're gonna
overclock like I am don't freak out
there you have like 32 gig of ram and
I'm still gonna overclock that's just
how I like it but yeah and then on top
of the inflow you can get what's called
an airflow probe which is like a nice
LED I kind of got up more for the looks
then for the use of it but that's just
me it's pretty much like a little LED
monitor which lights up for like based
on like your heat or the usage or
anything of your em and you attach it to
the top of your airflow and it's
obviously called the airflow probe and
it sits on top like that and I come it
comes with everything like the screws
there's nothing all you need but pretty
much it sits on top of it like that and
that sits on top of your motherboard
which I'll be showing you later on how
to assemble it and put it on but it sits
on all these light up and all that kind
of stuff so yeah I'll just get to
opening this and show you what it is
I like the box of it pretty cool because
you can open it up and read more about
it and see the hole in the inside
pack nice inside
don't want to drop these
now this full sticks in here 8gig each
that's what they look like pamphlet here
warranty but don't want to sit in there
nice it's going on the whole sermon
we've got the airflow and and flipper
yard
now I've already put in the cables into
the bottom here on yours you'll be able
to see it a lot better but the cables
which come with the library now with the
airflow you would get like on both sides
if you have four of these but with a
flipper come to the long ones here like
that and then you pretty much just have
to make sure all you book them all in
because it's harder to do
smoke it in make sure at the bottom
everything's alright still and then
a chance group
I found it's pretty easy to don't really
stop something that looks quite nice
now don't get confused but a lot of
people I've seen these that actually go
to a motherboard or anything they go
into the RAM in something so I'm just
going to go put all the RAM in and then
I'll hook this in and show you how it's
done
okay I pretty did these three because it
is a bit tricky but I'll just show you
one you have to hook in
make sure little you know correctly in
and that make sure or tables up got
plenty of room
then with this just to carefully speak
tricky
okay and then
the screws
and then once it's all set up you get
this cable just a bit out of the way and
then kind of stretch
and that kind of just sits like that can
I adjust it a bit if you need to why
that's pretty much where I wanted to see
and then with your nearest one and yeah
that's pretty much it
anyways I'm Alex mr. Richard central and
thank you